I have got to get you to LA you are
buried here I like it here
all my friends are here what time is it
10:35 damn okay so we're in a doll
factory right it kind of reminds you
that movie the Leprechaun member with
that little guy cuz I'm the leprechaun
cus I'm the laugh Raqqah cool it okay
I'm the laughing yeah alright don't try
and steal me potica hall hang around
with these guys because they're fun for
one other guy that was all drive and
ambition I could have stayed in Hong
Kong like that guys like that at 12 for
10 cents I'm either dime-a-dozen
maybe the way you shop think you
underestimate them they're really sharp
stop it Charlie choppy future video
sweetie I'm not we got sweet sweetie
come on sweetie I said come on
she just pixie does Oh sweetie it's me
it's me yeah oh yeah these guys really
sharp wanna leave yeah are you gonna
move good getaway let me go to Iron Man